Literally "Wonderful frog seed"
Literally "Wonderful frog grass"
Literally "Wonderful frog flower"
Literally "Little fiery dragon". May also be from 小龍 xiǎolóng
Literally "Fiery dinosaur"
Literally "Fire-breathing dragon"
Partial transliteration of its Japanese name. The last character in the name means turtle
Partial transliteration of the Japanese name. The last character means turtle
"Water rocket turtle"
"Green caterpillar", or literally, "Green furry worm"
"Armored chrysalis"
Partial transliteration of Japanese name. 蝴 is from 蝴蝶 húdié
Literally "Single-horned bug"
From 鐵殼 tiěké and 昆蟲 kūn​chóng. 殼昆 kékūn also sounds like cocoon
From 大 dà, 蜂針 fēngzhēn, and 蜂 fēng
Transliteration of Japanese name
Repetition of the first syllable of the Japanese name. The last character means bird
Transliteration of the first syllable of its Japanese name. The last character means eagle
Partial transliteration of Rattata's Japanese name. Means "Little Raticate"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Means "Fierce sparrow"
Means "Big-mouthed sparrow"
Transliteration of the Japanese name, with the character for "snake" added at the end
Transliteration of Japanese name, with the character for "freak" added at the end
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Transliteration of its Japanese name, also 雷 léi means "thunder"
A portmanteau of 穿山甲 and 鼠. Literally "Mouse that passes through mountains"
A portmanteau of 穿山甲 and 王. Literally "King of going through mountains"
Transliteration of Japanese name. The character 蘭 is usually used in female names
Rough transliteration of Japanese name. 娜 Nà is a word usually used in transliterating female names
A portmanteau of 尼多, the common prefix of the names of this Pokémon's evolutionary line, and 后 hòu
Transliteration of its Japanese name. 朗 Láng is a word usually used in transliterating male names
Transliteration of Japanese name. 力 lì means power, strength
A portmanteau of 尼多, the common prefix of the names of this Pokémon's evolutionary line, and 王 wáng
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Literally means "Six tails"
Literally means "Nine tails"
From 胖 pàng and 布丁 bùdīng
Possibly a corrupted transliteration of its Japanese name. Also from 胖 pàng and 布丁 bùdīng
Literally "Supersonic bat"
Literally "Big-mouthed bat"
Literally "Traveling grass"
Literally "Stinky flower"
A name for rafflesia. Literally "Tyrant flower"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Literally "Fur ball"
From 末入 mòrù and 蛾 é. May also be from 粉末 fěnmò
Literally "Ground rodent", but also refers to the mole. Can also be a reference to 打地鼠 Dǎ Dìshǔ
Literally "Three ground rodent" or "Three moles". Can also be a reference to 打地鼠 Dǎ Dìshǔ
喵 miāo is the sound a cat makes, pronounced like "meow"From 喵 miāo and 貓 māo
貓 means cat, while 老大 can also refer to boss
Partial transliteration of Koduck. The last character means duck
Partial transliteration of Golduck. 哥 is also composed of 2 可, possibly a reference to 可達鴨 Kědáyā. The last character means duck
Literally "Monkey monster"
Literally "Fire bursting monkey"
Transliteration of Gardie. The last character means dog
Literally "Wind speed dog"
From 蚊香 and 蝌蚪
From 蚊香 and 蛙
Literally "Fast swimming frog"
Transliteration of Japanese name. May also refer to 愛德加·凱西 Àidéjiā Kǎixi.
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also similar to 胡迪尼.
Literally "Wrist strength"
Literally "Heroic strength"
Means "Bewildering strength" or "Monster strength"
Literally "Trumpet sprout"
Literally means "Vacant-looking mouth flower"
Means "Flower with big appetite"
Literally "Agate jellyfish"
Literally "Venomous sting jellyfish"
Literally "Small fist rock"
Literally "Rumbling rock"
Literally "Rumbling boulder"
Literally "Little fire horse"
Means "Raging flame horse" or "Horse of roaring flames"
Means "Slow-witted creature"
Means "Slow-witted hippopotamus"
Literally "Little magnetic monster"
Literally "Three-in-one magnetic monster"
Means "Scallion duck". 大蔥 literally means "Big scallion"
Transliteration of its Japanese name. 嘟嘟鳥 Dūdū-niǎo is also a name for the dodo bird
Transliteration of its Japanese name. 嘟嘟鳥 Dūdū-niǎo is also a name for the dodo bird
Means "Small (or young) sea lion"
Means "White sea lion"
Means "Foul sludge"
Means "Very foul sludge"
Literally "Big-tongued shell"
Means "Armored shell"
Transliteration of Japanese name. Also from 鬼 and 瓦斯.
Rough transcription of its Japanese name. Also a combination of 鬼, 瓦斯, and 通.
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Contains 鬼
Literally "Big boulder snake"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Means "Crab with big pincers"
Means "Crab with giant pincers"
Literally "Thunder and lightning sphere"
Literally "Naughty bomb", a reference to its facial expression
Same as Cantonese name.
From 椰子 yézi / yēzi, 蛋 dàn, and 樹 / 树 shù
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name. 嘎拉嘎拉 also refers to a rattling sound.
Partial transliteration of its Japanese name. The character 郎 refers to young males
Partial transliteration of Japanese name. The character 郎 refers to young males
Literally "Big tongue"
Literally "Gas bomb"
Means "Double gas bomb"
Means "Armored rhinoceros"
Means "Armored Tyrannosaurus"
Literally "Lucky egg"
Literally "Vine freak"
From 袋鼠 dàishǔ, 袋 dài, and 龍 lóng
Literally "Ink seahorse"
Literally "Sea sting dragon". May also come from 海龍科 Hǎilóng-kē.
Literally "Horned goldfish"
Literally "Goldfish king"
From 海星 and 星星
Literally "Jewel starfish"
From 吸盤 xīpán and 魔偶 mó'ǒu
Means "Flying mantis"
Literally "Bewildering lip lady"
Literally "Electric shock beast"
Literally "Duck-billed fiery dragon"
Literally "Big armor"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Literally "Carp king"
Literally "Violent carp dragon". Possibly from 鯉躍龍門 Lǐ yuè Lóngmén and 龍鯉 Lónglǐ.
Means "Riding dragon", but is literally "To ride on a dragon"
Literally "Hundred transformation creature"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Means "Water spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin.
Means "Thunder spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin
Means "Fire spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin
Literally "3D Dragon"
Means "Ammonite beast"
Means "Spiky ammonite beast"
Literally "Fossil helmet"
Literally "Sickle helmet"
Literally "Fossil pterodactyl"
From 卡比 and 獸
Literally "Quick-freezing bird"
Literally "Lightning bird"
Literally "Flaming bird"
Literally "Mini dragon"
A combination of 哈克 hākè and 龍 lóng
Transliteration of its Japanese name, literally "Fast dragon".
Can either mean "Ultimate dream" or "To transcend dreams".
Means "dream" or "illusion"
From 菊苣, 草, and 葉
The Chinese name for bay leaf
Literally "Big chrysanthemum"
Literally "Fireball rodent"
Means "Magma rodent"
Literally "Fiery violent beast"
Means "Little saw(-toothed) crocodilian"
Means "Blue crocodilian"
Means "Energetic crocodilian"
Literally "Tail stand"
Literally "Big tail stand"
Refers to the onomatopoetic sound of birds (coo). Also means "to mutter".
Combination of 貓頭鷹 and 夜鷹. Literally "Cat-headed night hawk".
From 芭 bā and 瓢蟲 piáochóng
From 安 ān and 瓢蟲 / 瓢虫piáochóng
Literally means "Thread ball"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Literally "Cross-shaped bat"
Literally "Lantern fish"
Literally "Lamp freak".
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
From 皮 pí and 寶寶 băobăo
From 寶寶 băobăo, 布丁 bùdīng and 丁 dīng
Rough transliteration of its Japanese name
Rough transliteration of its Japanese name
Literally "Natural sparrow".
Literally "Natural bird"
From 咩 miē, 瑪莉 Mǎlì, and 羊 yáng
From 綿 mián and 綿羊 mián​yáng.
From the Japanese 電竜 denryū, literally meaning electric dragon
Literally "Beautiful flower"
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also contains 露 lù
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also contains 露 lù
Literally "Driveling tree"
Literally "Bullfrog monarch"
Literally Shuttlecock grass
Literally "Shuttlecock flower"
Literally "Shuttlecock floss"
Literally "Long tail, strange hand", a reference to its tail
From 向日葵 xiàng​rì​kuí and 種子 / 种子 zhǒngzi
From 向日葵 xiàng​rì​kuí, 花 huā, and 怪 quài
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Contains 波 bō
From 沼 zhǎo and 王 wáng
Means "Sun spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin.
Means "Moon spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin
From 黑暗 hēi'àn and 鴉 / 鸦 yā
Literally "Hippopotamus king"
From 夢 mèng and 妖 yāo
From 未知 meihjī and 圖騰 / 图腾 túténg
From 果然 guǒrán and 不倒翁 bùdǎowēng
From 麒麟 Qílín and 奇 qí. The name will sound the same when read in reverse
Literally "Hazelnut ball"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From 土 tǔ, 龍 lóng, and 弟弟 dìdì
Literally "Sky scorpion". May also be a reference to the constellation Scorpius
Literally "Large steel snake"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From 布盧 Bùlú and 皇 huáng
Literally "Thousand-needle fish"
Means "Giant-pincered mantis"
Repetition of the character 壺 hú. Also from 藤壺 ténghú
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also from 赫拉克勒斯 Hèlākèlèsī.
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Literally "Bear baby"
Literally "Ring bear"
Literally "Lava worm"
Literally "Lava snail"
From 小 xiǎo and 山豬 shānzhū
From 長毛 hángmáo, 長毛象 cháng​máo​xiàng, and 豬 zhū​
Literally "Sun coral"
From its Japanese name
From 章魚 zhānyú and 桶 tǒng
Literally "Messenger bird"
From 巨翅 jùchì and 飛魚 / 飞鱼 fēiyú
Literally "Armored bird"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Literally "Sting dragon king"
Literally "Little elephant"
From 頓 dùn and 甲 jiǎ
Literally "3D Dragon II"
Literally "Frightening-antler deer", referring to its ability to create frightening illusions with its antlers
Literally "Drawing dog", referring to its ability to paint
Partial transliteration of its Japanese name. The character 郎 refers to young males.
Partial transliteration of its Japanese name. 朗 may be from 郎 Láng, a character referring to young males
Literally "Bewildering lip doll"
Literally "Electric shock freak"
Literally "Duck-billed fiery dragon"
Can be taken as "Big milk tank"
Literally "Blessed egg"
From 雷公 Raikou. Also a reference to the ancient Chinese god of thunder, Lei Gong.
From 炎帝 Entei. Also a reference to the ancient Chinese emperor, Yandi
From 水君 Suikun.
Transliteration of its Japanese name. May also be from 安基拉斯 Ānjīlāsī
Transliteration of its Japanese name. May also be from 安基拉斯 Ānjīlāsī. Contains 沙 shā
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Literally "Phoenix king"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Means "Wood gecko"
Literally "Forest lizard"
Literally "Lizard king"
Literally "Fire chick"
Literally "Powerful chicken"
Literally "Blazing chicken"
Literally "Water jumping fish"
Literally "Marsh jumping fish"
Literally "Giant swamp monster"
From 土狼 tǔláng and 犬 quǎn
Literally "Big wolf dog"
Literally "Snake-patterned bear", referring to the zigzag pattern in its fur resembling a wriggling snake
Literally "Straight dashing bear". Contains 直 zhí, which both references the lines in its fur and its ability to run in straight lines
Literally "Sting-tailed bug"
Literally "Shelled chrysalis"
From 狩獵 shòuliè and 鳳蝶 fèngdié
Literally "Shielded cocoon"
Literally "Toxic dust butterfly"
Literally "Lotus leaf lad"
Literally "Lotus hat lad"
From 樂天 lètiān, 河 hé, 童 tóng, and 河童 hétóng, literally "happy kappa"
Literally "Acorn fruit"
From 長鼻 chángbí and 葉 yè
Literally "Crafty tengu"
Means "Lofty, unyielding swallow"
Literally "King swallow"
Literally "Long-winged gull"
Literally "Big-mouthed gull"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name. May also be from 克里安 Kèlǐ'ān
Transliteration of Japanese name
Means "Skating candy"
From 雨 yǔ, 翅 chì, and 蛾 é
From 蘑菇 mógū with the first character repeated
From 斗笠 dǒulì and 菇 gū
From 樹懶 shùlǎn, 懶人 lǎnrén, and 懶翁 lǎnwēng
Literally "Hyperactive ape"
From 請假 qǐngjià and 王 wáng
Literally "Earth-residing ninja"
Literally "Iron-masked ninja"
Literally "Shedding ninja". May also be from 金蟬脫殼 Jīn​chán ​tuōké
Literally "Murmuring girl". Also phonetically similar to its Japanese name
Literally "Howling bomb"
Literally "Sonic boom monster"
From 幕下 makushita and 力士 lìshì
Literally "Super-powered king"
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also contains 露 lù
Literally "North-facing nose"
From 向尾 xiàngwěi, 狐尾草 húwěicǎo, and 喵 miāo
Literally "Graceful cat"
From 勾魂 gōuhún and 眼 yǎn
Literally "Big-mouthed doll"
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Rough transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From the Japanese 落雷 rakurai and 雷獣 raijū.
From 雷電 léidiàn, the Japanese 雷獣 raijū, and 獸 shòu
Literally "Positive charge clapping"
Literally "Negative charge clapping"
Literally "Electric firefly"
Literally "Sweet firefly"
Literally "Poisonous rose"
Means "Digesting beast"
Means "Devouring beast"
Literally "Sharp-teethed fish"
Literally "Giant-teethed shark"
Literally "Bellowing whale"
Literally "Bellowing whale king"
Literally "Slow-witted fire camel"
Literally "Fire-breathing camel"
Literally "Coal tortoise"
Literally "Jumping pig"
Literally means "Puffing pig"
From 晃 huàng and 斑 bān
Literally "Big jaw ant"
Literally "Ultrasonic larva"
Literally "Desert dragonfly"
From 沙漠 shāmò and 奈亞 nàiyǎ
From 夢歌 mènggē and 奈亞 nàiyǎ
Literally "Blue cotton-flossed bird"
From 七夕 Qīxì and 青鳥 Qīngniǎo. The Qixi Festival originated from the tale of The Weaver Girl and the Cowherd, a love story featuring two characters symbolized by the stars Altair and Vega.
From 貓鼬 māoyòu and 斬 zhǎn
Means "Spoon-shaped snake"
Literally "Moon stone"
Literally "Sun rock"
From 泥 ní and 泥鰍 níqiū
Literally "Catfish king"
From 龍蝦 lóngxiā, 小龍蝦 xiǎo​lóng​xiā, and 小兵 xiǎobīng
From 鐵螯 tiě'áo, 龍蝦 lóngxiā, and 小龍蝦 xiǎo​lóng​xiā or 螯蝦 áoxiā
Literally "Libra figurine"
From 念力 niànlì and 土偶 tǔ'ǒu
Literally "Tentacled lily"
From 搖籃 / 摇篮 yáolán and 百合 bǎihé
Means "Immemorial feathered bug"
Means "Immemorial armor"
Literally "Silly fish"
From 美 měi and 維納斯 Wéi​nà​sī
From 飄浮 piāofú and 泡泡 pàopàoFrom 漂浮 piāofú and 泡泡 pàopào
From 變色龍 biàn​sè​lóng and 隱 yǐn
From 怨 yuàn, 影 yǐng, and 娃娃 wáwá or 晴天娃娃 qíng​tiān-wá​wa
Literally "Cursing doll"
Means "Night skull"
Literally "Night giant"
Literally "Tropical dragon"
From 風鈴 fēnglíng and 鈴 líng
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From 小 xiǎo, 果然 guǒrán and 果然翁 Guǒránwēng
From its Japanese name. 童子 may also be derived from 座敷童子 zashiki warashi. Literally "Snow boy/lad"
The characters 冰 and 鬼 comes from its Japanese name. 護 may refer to its shape as an ice hockey mask.
From its Japanese name. Literally "Seal sphere"
From its Japanese name. Combination of 海獅 and 魔術師 Mó​shù​shī.
Literally "King(-sized)-tusked sea lion".
Literally "Pearl shellfish"
From its Japanese name. Combination of 獵, 斑點, and 魚. Literally "Hunting speckled fish".
Literally "Cherry blossom fish".
古 means ancient. 空棘魚 may be derived from 腔棘魚 Qiāngjíyú.
Literally "Love fish".
Literally "Baby/darling dragon"
Literally "Shelled dragon".
Literally "Violent salamander".
Literally "Iron dumbbell".
Literally "Metal monster".
Literally "Giant gold monster" or "giant metal monster".
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transcription of its Japanese name
Transcription of its Japanese name
Transcription of its Japanese name. 固 also means "solid"
From its Japanese name. Can also be taken as "one who sits in the fierce heavens".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. In addition, 祈 means "to pray"
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Literally "Grass sprout turtle"
Literally "Forest turtle"
Can be taken as "Earth terrace tortoise".
Literally "Little flame monkey"
Literally "Fierce fire monkey"
Literally "Raging flame monkey".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also from 波 bō
From 波 bō, 皇子 huángzǐ, and 皇太子 huángtàizǐ
From 帝王 dìwáng, 帝王企鵝 dìwáng qì'é, the first characters of 拿破崙·波拿巴 Ná​pò​lún​ Bō​ná​bā, and 波 bō
Transliteration of its Japanese name. The last character means "child".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. The last character means "bird".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. The last character means hawk/falcon/eagle.
大牙 means big teeth. 狸 is derived from 河狸.
大尾 means big tail. 狸 is derived from 河狸.
Literally "Round master". 法師 may be derived from つくつく法師 tsukutsuku-bōshi.
Literally "Soundbox/speaker cricket". 蟀 is derived from 蟋蟀 Xī​shuài.
Literally "Small cat freak"
From 勒克斯 lèkèsī and 貓 māo
From 倫琴 Lúnqín and 貓 māo
Literally "Shy bud".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. The last character 朵 is also a classifier for flowers.
From 頭蓋 tóugài and 龍 lóng
From 戰槌 zhànchuí and 龍 lóng
From 盾 dùn, 甲 jiǎ, and 龍 lóng
From 護 hù, 城 chéng, and 龍 lóng
From 結草蟲 / 结草虫jié​cǎochóng and 兒 / 儿 ér
Combination of 結草蟲 Jié​cǎochóng and 貴婦. Literally "Weaved grass madam".
Literally "Gentleman moth"
Literally "Three honeybees".
Literally "Bee queen"
Transliteration of Japanese name
泳 refers to swimming. 氣 may come from 氣力 Qì​lì. 鼬 means weasel.
Literally "Snorkeling weasel". Also, 浮 refers to floating, while 潛 refers to diving.
Literally "Cherry blossom treasure". 寶 can also be derived from 寶貝 Bǎo​bèi.
From 櫻花 / 樱花 yīnghuā and 兒 / 儿 ér
Literally "No shell manatee".
Literally "Manatee beast"
Literally "Double tail, strange hand", references 長尾怪手 Chángwěiguàishǒu
Literally "Lightly floating balloon". 球 is derived from 氣球 Qì​qiú.
From 隨風 / 随风 suífēng and 氣球 / 气球 qìqiúFrom 附和 fùhè and 氣球 / 气球 qìqiú
Literally "Rolled-up ears".
Literally "Long-eared rabbit".
From 夢 mèng, 夢妖 Mèngyāo, 夢魔 mèngmó, and 妖魔 yāomó
Literally "Crow chief"
From 魅力 and 喵.
東施 comes from the idiom 東施效顰 Dōngshī xiào pín. Its origin is about an ugly woman, who later earned the nickname "東施" for attempting to imitate 西施 Xī Shī, an extremely beautiful woman. 喵 is the onomatopoetic sound of a cat.
From 鈴 líng, 噹 dāng, and 響 xiǎng
臭鼬 refers to skunk, while 噗 is the transliteration of "poo" in its Japanese name.
Combination of 坦克 and 臭鼬.
Literally "Bronze mirror freak".
Literally "Bronze bell". 青 also means blue/green
From 盆栽 pénzāi, 才怪 cáiguài, and 怪兽 guàiwù / 怪物 guàishòu.Literally "Crybaby tree".
Transliteration of its Japanese name. 魔 also means magic.
From 小 xiǎo, 福 fú, and 蛋 dàn
Literally "Clamorous/noisy bird".
From 花崗岩 and 怪物. 花岩 can also mean "flower-patterned rock".
Literally "Round land shark"
Literally "Sharp-teethed land shark"
Literally "Violent biting land shark"
Means "Little Snorlax".
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Literally "Strange hippopotamus".
Literally "Hippopotamus beast".
Literally "Purple sky scorpion". 天蠍 also refers to the constellation Scorpius.
Literally "Dragon king scorpion".
Literally "Bad frog".
毒骷 may be a transliteration of "doku" in its Japanese name. 毒 also means poison. The last character means frog. Literally "Poison skeleton frog".
Literally "Sharp-teethed cage"
螢光 may be derived from 熒光 Yíng​guāng. The last character means fish.
From 霓虹燈 / 霓虹灯 ní​hóng​dēng or 霓虹燈魚 / 霓虹灯鱼 ní​hóng​dēngyú and 魚 / 鱼 yú
Literally "Small ball flying fish".
From 雪, 笠, and 怪.
From 暴風雪 bào​fēng​xuě and 王 wáng. Literally "Violent snow king"
Transliteration of its Japanese name.
Literally "Self-detonating magnetic monster"
Literally "Large tongue lick".
Literally "Super iron Tyrannosaurus".
From 巨 jù and 蔓藤 mànténg
Literally "Electric shock magical beast"
Literally "Duck-billed flaming dragon"
Rough transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Means "Leaf spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin.
Means "Ice spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin.
Literally "Sky scorpion king"
From 象牙 xiàngyá and 豬 zhū​
Literally "3D Dragon Z"
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 大 dà and 朝北鼻 Cháoběibí. Literally "Big north-facing nose" or "Big Nosepass".
Literally "Night sorcerer"
From its Japanese name. Combination of 雪 and 妖女.
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name. 潔 jié (clean) can also refer to its ability to purify the surrounding.
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Also a portmanteau of 阿爾法 / 阿尔发 ā'ěrfǎ and 宙斯 Zhòusī.
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 藤 téng and 蛇 shé
Literally "Green vine snake". May also be from 常青藤 chángqīngténg.
Literally "Monarch snake".
From 暖 nuǎn and 豬 zhū.
From 炒 chǎo and 豬 zhū.
From its Japanese name. May be taken as a reference to 周武王 (King Wu of Zhou).
From 水 shuǐ and 水獺 shuǐtà.
From 雙刃 shuāngrèn and the Japanese 丸 maru.
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 探 tàn and 鼠 shǔ.
From 步哨 bùshào and 鼠 shǔ.
From 小 xiǎo and 約克夏犬 Yuēkèxià Quǎn.
From 哈 hā and 約克夏犬 Yuēkèxià Quǎn.
Literally "Shaggy dog".
Literally "Pickpocket cat".
Literally "Ruthless leopard".
From 青花椰菜 qīng huāyécài or 花椰菜 huāyécài and 猴 hóu.
From 青花椰菜 qīng huāyécài or 花椰菜 huāyécài and 猿 yuán.
From 爆香 bàoxiāng and 猴 hóu.
From 爆香 bàoxiāng and 猿 yuán.
From 冷水 lěngshuǐ and 猴 hóu.
From 冷水 lěngshuǐ and 猿 yuán.
Possibly from 食夢 shímèng (Dream Eater), with the last character repeated.
Similar to Munna's Chinese name 食夢夢 Shímèngmèng. 蝕 shí can also refer to "eclipse".
From the Japanese 豆 mame and 鴿 gē.
波 bō may be from the Japanese 波 ha or transliteration of boh in its Japanese name. 鴿 gē means "dove" or "pigeon". May also be a reference to 波波 (Pidgey).
From 轟隆 hōnglóng and 雉雞 zhìjī.
From 斑馬 bānmǎ.
From 雷電 léidiàn and 斑馬 bānmǎ.
Literally "Stone ball".
From 地幔 dìmàn and 岩 yán.
Literally "Gigantic boulder monster".
From 滾滾 gǔngǔn and 蝙蝠 biānfú.
From 心 xīn and 蝙蝠 biānfú.
From 螺釘 luódīng, 地 dì, 鼠 shǔ, and 地鼠 dìshǔ.
From the Japanese 竜頭 ryūzu, 地 dì, 鼠 shǔ, and 地鼠 dìshǔ.
From 差不多 Chàbùduō and 娃娃 wáwá
From 搬運 bānyùn, 小 xiǎo, and 匠 jiàng.
From 鐵骨 tiěgǔ, 土 tǔ, and possibly 工人 gōngrén.
From 修繕 xiūshàn and 老頭 lǎotóu.
Literally "Round tadpole".
Literally "Blue toad".
Literally "Toad king".
From 投射 tóushè and the Japanese 鬼 ki (oni).
From 打擊 dǎjí and the Japanese 鬼 ki (oni).
From 蟲 chóng, 寶寶 bǎobǎo and 包 bāo.
From Sewaddle's Chinese name 蟲寶包, 包 meaning "wrap", and 繭 jiǎn.
From 保姆 bǎo​mǔ, 母 mǔ, and 蟲 chóng.
Means "Hundred-foot centipede".
From 車輪 chēlún and 毬 qiú.
From 蜈蚣 wúgōng and 王 wáng
From 木棉 mùmián and 棉球 miánqiú.
From 風 / 风 fēng and 妖精 yāojing
From 百合 bǎihé, 根 gēn, and 娃娃 wáwá
From 裙 qún, 兒 ér, and 小姐 xiǎojiě.
From 野蠻 yěmán and 鱸魚 lúyúFrom 勇士 yǒngshì and 鱸魚 lúyú
From 黑眼 hēiyǎn and 鱷 / 鳄 è
From 混混 hùnhùn and 鱷 è.
From 流氓 liúmáng and 鱷 è.
From 火 huǒ, 紅 hóng, 火紅 huǒhóng, and 不倒翁 bùdǎowēng
From 達摩 / 达摩 Dámó and 狒狒 fèifèi
From 墨西哥街頭樂隊 Mòxīgē-jiētóuyuèduì and 沙鈴 shālíng.
Literally "Stone house crab".
From 岩 yán, 殿 diàn, 居 jū, and 蟹 xiè.
From 滑頭 huátóu and 小子 xiǎozi
From 頭巾 tóujīn and 混混 hùnhùn
Literally "Symbol bird"
Literally "Weeping mask"
From 死神 sǐshén and 棺 guān
From 原蓋龜 Yuángàiguī and 海龜 hǎiguī
From 肋骨 lèigǔ and 海龜 hǎiguī
From 始祖鳥 Shǐzǔniǎo and 小 xiǎo
From 始祖鳥 Shǐzǔniǎo and 大 dà
Possibly derived from the Japanese name. 破 means "damaged" or "worn out". 袋 means "bag".
Literally "Dust mountain"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 泡沫 pàomò and 栗鼠 lìshǔ
From 奇諾 qínuò and 栗鼠 lìshǔ. May also be from 卡布奇諾 Kǎ​bù​qí​nuò
From 哥德 gēdé and 寶寶 bǎobǎo
From 哥德 Gēdé and 小童 xiǎotóng
From 哥德 Gēdé and 小姐 xiǎojiě
From 單 dān, 卵 luǎn, 細胞 xìbāo, and 球 qiú
From 雙 shuāng, 卵 luǎn, 細胞 xìbāo, and 球 qiú
From 人造 rénzào, 細胞 xìbāo or 細胞核 xìbāohé, and 卵 luǎn
From 鴨 yā and 寶寶 bǎobǎo
From 首席 shǒuxí and 天鵝 tiāné
From 迷你 mínǐ and 冰 bīng
From 多多 duōduō and 冰 bīng
From 雙倍 shuāngbèi, 多多 duōduō, and 冰 bīng
From its Japanese name. Literally "Four season deer".
From the Japanese 芽吹き mebuki and 鹿 lù
From 導電 dǎodiàn and 飛鼠 fēishǔ
From 蓋 gài and 蟲 chóng
From 騎士 qíshì and 蝸牛 / 蜗牛 guāniú / wōniú
From 哎呀 Āiyā!, 球 qiú, and 菇 gūFrom 寶貝球 Bǎobèi-qiú, 寶貝 bǎobèi, 球 qiú, and 菇 gū
From 暴露 bàolù and 菇 gū​
Means "Lightly floating"
Means "plump" or "pudgy"
From 保姆 bǎo​mǔ, 母 mǔ, and 曼波魚 mànbō-yú
From 電 diàn and 蟲 chóng
Literally "Electric spider"
From 種子 zhǒngzǐ and 鐵球 tiěqiú
From 堅果 jiānguǒ and 啞鈴 yǎlíng
From 齒輪 chǐlún and 兒 ér​
From 齒輪 chǐlún and 組 zǔ​​
From 齒輪 chǐlún and 怪 guài​
From 麻 má, 小 xiǎo​, and 魚 yú
From 麻 má and 鰻 mán
From 麻 má, 鰻魚 mányú, and 王 wáng
Literally "Little grey freak". Possibly a reference to 小灰人 xiǎohuīrén
From 大 dà, 大宇 dà​yǔ, and ​怪 guài​
From 燭光 zhúguāng, 靈 líng, and 幽靈 yōulíng
From 燈火 dēnghuǒ and 幽靈 yōulíng
From 水晶燈 / 水晶灯 shuǐjīngdēng, 燈火 / 灯火 dēnghuǒ, 火 huǒ, and 靈 / 灵 líng
牙 yá doubled
Literally "Axe-tusked dragon"
Literally "Double-axe battle dragon"
Literally "Sneezing bear"
Literally "Tundra bear"
From 幾何學 jǐ​hé​xué​ and 雪花 xuěhuā
Literally "Small-mouthed snail"
From 敏捷 mǐnjié and 蟲 chóng
Literally "Mud fish"
Literally "Kung-Fu weasel"
Literally "Master weasel"
Literally "Crimson-faced dragon"
From 泥人 nírén, 偶人 ǒurén, and 小 xiǎo
From 泥人 nírén, 偶人 ǒurén, and 巨人 jùrén
From the Japanese 駒 koma, 刀 dāo, 小 xiǎo and 兵 bīng
From 劈 pī, 斬 zhǎn, and 司令 sīlìng
From 爆炸頭 Bàozhàtóu and 水牛 shuǐniú.
Literally "Feather-headed eaglet"
Literally "Warrior eagle"
Means "Vulture child"
From 禿鷹 tūyīng and 娜 nà
From 食蟻獸 shíyǐshòu and 爐 lú
Literally "Iron ant"
Literally "Single headed dragon"
Literally "Double-headed dragon"
Literally "Three-headed dragon"
From 燃燒 rán​shāo and 蟲 ​chóng​
From 火神 huǒshén and 蟲 chóng
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Means "Tornado cloud"
Means "Lightning cloud"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Literally "Land cloud"
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 哈力 hālì and 栗 ​lì
From 胖胖 pàngpàng and 哈力栗 Hāllì​lì
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 火 huǒ and 狐狸 húlí

From 妖狐yāohú, 火紅 huǒhóng, and 紅狐 hónghú
From 呱呱 guāguā, 泡 pào, and 蛙 wā
From 呱 guā, 頭 tóu, and 蛙 wā
From 甲賀流 Jiǎhè-liú, 忍者 rěnzhě, and 蛙 wā
From 掘 jué and 兔 tù
From 攉 huō, 土 tǔ, and 兔 tù
From 小 xiǎo, 箭 jiàn, and 雀 què
From 火 huǒ, 箭 jiàn, 火箭 huǒjiàn, and 雀 què
From 烈 liè, 箭 jiàn, and 鶲 wēng
From 鱗粉 línfěn and 蛹 yǒng
From 鱗粉 línfěn, 蝶 dié, and 蛹 yǒng
From 碧 bì, 鱗粉 línfěn, and 蝶 dié
From 小 xiǎo and 獅 shī
From 火炎 huǒyán and 獅 shī
Similar to its Japanese name. Also from 花 huā and 蓓 bèi
Similar to its Japanese name. Also from 花 huā, 葉 / 叶 yè, and 蒂 dì
From 花 huā, 潔 / 洁 jié, and 夫人 fūrén
From 咩 miē and 羊 yáng
Means "Mounting goat"
From 頑皮 wánpí and 熊貓 xióngmāo
From 流氓 liúmáng and 熊貓 xióngmāo
Transliteration of Japanese name. Contains 麗 / 丽 lì
From 妙 miào and 喵 miāo
From 超能力 chāonénglì, 妙 miào and 喵 miāo
From 獨 dú, 劍 jiàn, and 鞘 qiào
From 雙 shuāng, 劍 jiàn, and 鞘 qiào
From 堅 / 坚 jiān, 盾 dùn, 劍 / 剑 jiàn, and 怪 guài
From 粉撲 fěn, 粉紅 fěnhóng, and 香 xiāng

From 棉花糖 miánhuātáng, 綿 mián, and 泡芙 pàofú
From 胖 pàng, 甜 tián, and 妮 ní
From 好啦 hǎo la and 花枝 huāzhī
From 烏賊 wūzéi and 王 wáng

From 龜足 guīzú, 巨鎧 jùkǎi, and 鎧茗荷科 Kǎimínghé-kē
From 垃圾 lèsè and 藻 zǎo
Partial transliteration of its Japanese name. Contains 毒 dú and 泥 nī
From 鐵臂 tiěbì, 槍 qiāng, and 槍蝦 qiāngxiā

From 傘蜥蜴 sǎnxīyì and 電 diàn
From 電 diàn, 傘蜥蜴 sǎnxīyì, and 查特 chátè
From 寶寶 bǎobǎo and 暴龍 bàolóng

From 冰雪 bīngxuě and 恐龍 kǒnglóng
From 冰雪 bīngxuě, 巨 jù, and 恐龍 kǒnglóng
Means "Fairy spirit". Ends with -精靈 / -精灵 like every Eeveelution in Mandarin.
From 戰鬥 zhàn​dòu and 飛鳥 fēi​niǎo​
From 咚咚 dōng​dōng​ and 鼠 shǔ
From 小 xiǎo and 碎鑽 suìzuān
From 黏 nián and 寶寶 / 宝宝 bǎobǎo
From 黏 nián, 美 měi, and 兒 / 儿 er; transliteration of its Japanese name
From 黏 nián, 美 měi, and 龍 / 龙 lóng; transliteration of its Japanese name
From 鑰匙圈 yàoshíquān  and 兒 ér

From 朽木 xiǔmù and 妖 yāo
From 南瓜 nánguā and 精 jīng
From 南瓜 nánguā and 怪人 gwaaiyàhn


From 嗡 wēng and 蝠 fú
From 音波 yīnbō  and 龍 lóng 
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Contains 胡 hú.
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From 木 mù and 梟 / 枭 xiāo
From 投 tóu, 羽 yǔ, and 梟 / 枭 xiāo
From 狙射 jūshè, 樹 / 树 shù, 梟 / 枭 xiāo
From 火 huǒ, 虎斑貓 / 虎斑猫 hǔbānmāo, and 喵 miāo
From 炎熱 / 炎热 yánrè and 喵 miāo
From 熾 chì, 焰 yàn, 咆哮 páoxiāo, and 虎 hǔ
From 球 qiú and 海獅 / 海狮 hǎishī
From 花樣 / 花样 huāyàng, 漾 yàng, and 海獅 / 海狮 hǎishī
From 西施 Xī Shī, 海獅 / 海狮 hǎishī, and 塞壬 Sāirén or 西壬 Xīrén
From 小兒 xiǎo'ér and 篤篤 dǔdǔ
From 喇叭 lǎbā and 啄木鳥 / 啄木鸟 zhuómùniǎo
From 銃 / 铳 chòng, 大 dà, and 巨嘴鳥 / 巨嘴鸟 jùzuǐniǎo
From 貓鼬 / 猫鼬 māoyòu and 少 shào or 惡少 / 恶少 èshào
From 貓鼬 / 猫鼬 māoyòu and 探長 / 探长 tànzhǎng
From 強顎 / 强颚 qiáng'è and 雞母蟲 / 鸡母虫 jīmǔchóng
From 蟲 / 虫 chóng, 充電 / 充电 chōngdiàn, 充電寶 / 充电宝 chōngdiànbǎo, and 寶寶 / 宝宝 bǎobǎo
From 鍬形蟲 / 锹形虫 qiāoxíngchóng and 加農炮 / 加农炮 jiānóngpào
From 好勝 / 好胜 hàoshèng and 蟹 xiè
From 好勝 / 好胜 hàoshèng and 毛蟹 máoxiè
From 花舞 huāwǔ and 鳥 niǎo
From 萌え moe and 蜂虻 fēngméng
From 蝴蝶結 / 蝴蝶结 húdiéjié, 萌え moe, and 蜂虻 fēngméng
From 岩 yán and 狗狗 gǒugǒu
From 鬃狼 zōngláng, 岩 yán, 狼人 lángrén
From 弱 ruò and 沙丁魚 / 沙丁鱼 shādīngyú
From 好壞 / 好坏 hǎohuài and 海星 hǎixīng
From 超壞 / 超坏 chāohuài and 海星 hǎixīng
From 泥 ní, 驢子 lǘzi, and 仔 zǎi
From 重 zhòng, 泥 ní, and 挽馬 / 挽马 wǎnmǎ
From 滴 dī and 蜘蛛 zhīzhū
From 滴 dī, 蜘蛛 zhīzhū, and 霸 bà
From 偽 / 伪 wèi / wěi, 螳螂 tángláng, and 草 cǎo
From 蘭花 / 兰花 lánhuā and 螳螂 tángláng or 蘭花螳螂 / 兰花螳螂 lánhuā tángláng
From 睡 shuì and 蘑菇 mógū
From 燈罩 / 灯罩 dēngzhào, 夜 yè, and 蘑菇 mógū
From 夜盜 / 夜盗 yèdào, 火 huǒ, and 火蜥蜴 huǒxīyì
From 焰 yàn, 艷后 yànhòu, and 火蜥蜴 huǒxīyì
From 童 tóng, 玩偶 wán'ǒu, and 熊 xióng
From 穿着 / 穿着 chuānzhuó and 熊 xióng
From 甜 tián and 山竹 shānzhú
From 甜 tián, 舞女 wǔnǚ, and 妮 ní / nī
From 甜 tián, 冷艷 / 冷艳 lěngyàn, 美麗 / 美丽 měilì, and 后 hòu
From 花環 / 花环 huāhuán and 療法 liáofǎ
From 智慧 zhìhuì, 指揮 / 指挥 zhǐhuī, 智多星 zhìduōxīng, and 猩猩 xīngxīng
From 投擲 / 投掷 tóuzhí / tóuzhì and 猴 hóu
From 膽小 / 胆小 dǎnxiǎ and 蟲 / 虫 chóng
From 具甲 jùjiǎ and 武者 wǔzhě
From 沙丘 shāqiū, 娃 wá, and 哇 wa
From 吞噬 tūnshì, 沙堡 shābǎo, 爺 / 爷 yé, and 是沙堡耶 Shì shābǎo yé
From 拳 quán and 海參 / 海参 hǎishēn
From 屬性 / 属性 shǔxìng and 空 kōng
From 銀 yín, 伴 bàn, 戰鬥 zhàndòu, and 獸 shòu
From 小 xiǎo and 隕星 yǔnxīng
From 樹 shù, 無尾熊 wúwěixióng and 树袋熊 shùdàixióng, and 枕頭 / 枕头 zhěntou
From 爆炸 bàozhà, 火焰 huǒyàn, 龜 / 龟 guī, and 獸 / 兽 shòu
Transliteration of its Japanese name
From 謎 / 谜 mí, 模擬 / 模拟 mónǐ, and Q
From 磨牙 móyá, 彩 cǎi, 皮 pí, and 魚 / 鱼 yú
From 老翁 lǎowēng and 龍 lóng
From 破 pò and 舵輸 / 舵轮 duòlún
From 心 xīn, 鱗 / 鳞 lín, 寶 / 宝 bǎo
From 鱗甲/ 鳞甲 línjiǎ and 龍 / 龙 lóng
From 杖 zhàng, 尾巴 wěibā, 鱗甲 / 鳞甲 línjiǎ, and 龍 / 龙 lóng
From kapu and 鳴 / 鸣 míng
From kapu and 蝶 dié
From kapu and 哞 mōu
From kapu and 鰭 / 鳍 qí
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 虛無 / 虚无 xūwú , 吾 wú, and possibly 佛洛伊德 Fóluòyīdé / 弗洛伊德 Fúluòyīdé
From 爆 bào, 肌 jī, and 蚊 wén
From 費洛蒙 / 费洛蒙 fèiluòméng, 美 měi, and 蟑螂 zhāngláng
From 電 / 电 diàn, 束 shù and 樹木 / 树木 shùmù
From 鐵 / 铁 tiě, 火 huǒ and 輝夜姬 / 辉夜姬 Huīyè-jī
From 紙 / 纸 zhǐ and 御劍 / 御剑 yùjiàn
From 惡 / 恶 è, 食 shí, and 大王 dàwáng
Transliteration of Japanese name
Transliteration of its Japanese name. Contains 機 / 机 jī
Transliteration of Japanese name
From 毒 dú and a transliteration of baby
From 四 sì, 顎 / 颚 è, 針 / 针 zhēn, and 龍 / 龙  lóng
From 壘 / 垒 lěi, 壘壘 / 垒垒 lěilěi, 磊磊 lěilěi, and 石 shí
From 砰 pēng, 頭 / 头 tóu, and 小丑 xiǎochǒu
Transliteration of Japanese name
